In the past summer, I have practiced on some HTML and CSS.
This is the very first project that I utilized properties like
grids and flex boxes as well as the first project that I feel
that I have lots of control over the design of my website.
Before, I just smashed code onto the website and hope they appear
in a way that I want them to. Now, I actually know how and where
to place everything I want them to be and adjust accordingly if 
errors were made. I learned a lot while building these websites as
I was googling along the way. There are many properties that I
just picked up and implemented on the websites such as transform and
the dropdown menu on the group website. I think the biggest struggles
I have currently is to have a good design. I believe the design and
styling of my websites are very limited by my knowledge and skills
at the moment. I know my website can look much better than it currently is,
but I don't know how to because my knowledge about HTML and css is
limited. Another thing that I have trouble with is tags. The document
mentioned to avoid using div's but that's what makes up the majority of
my website and I do not know what other tags would be better alternatives.
This is also the first website where I truly utilized github to work with
a group of other developers. In intro to ITWS, I had a very brief idea of
how git and github worked so I barely really used its functionalities. 
Although I'm getting better at it, it still troubles me lots of times. I
try my best to not use github desktop and utilize the command lines as I
want to learn the basics of github, but many times I'm unsure of what commands
to run. I struggle the most with merge conflicts. I don't know what's the
correct thing to do. In this project, I resolved this by saving the files in
my branch onto other temporary files and then pull from main and slowly applying
changes from my branch to avoid conflicts. I know this is not the best way, but
I'm really unsure of what the best way is.


The fact that every member of the group has to share one css file along with the
group website is very frustrating. I've came across multiple instances of tag name
conflicts. We definitely need better communications next time, but at the same time
we don't know what the tag naming convention is when working in a group environment
like this. Since everyone wanted unique designs for themselves, we could just make
one universal tag that works for everyone's page. For this reason, many tag names were
followed by group member names to distinguish themselves.